 About 60% of total agriculturalists in India are poor and can’t afford heavy robotics to take  advantage of the technology . Farmers are sometimes oblivious of the disease in the crop and the market prices of the products . A multilingual platform has been proposed which can  be accessed by all people and from where the farmers can easily  get the current price of their crops in the market .  A major part of the farming community in India is either unaware of these  technologies or they aren’t able to afford them due to immense  prices . The enhancement in the field of machine learning has  brought a revolution in overall surveillance and production . The objective of the paper is to make the  farming community aware of technology advancements and  make heavy technology available to them on an easy platform .  Machine-learning algorithms are performed on Python 3. 7 (Jupyter Notebook) using inbuilt libraries: Numpy, Pandas, Scikit-learn built on tensorflow backend . KNN is a supervised model and uses a labeled dataset to comprehend and render crop produce . The model is used to foreshadow optimal fertilizer for raising the nutrients of the soil .  The proposed  model can identify leaves with multiple diseases with 90%  accuracy and overall 96. 25% on the validation dataset is accomplished . Various Image Augmentation  techniques are included to improve the dataset size, and  subsequentially, the model’s accuracy boosts .  The proposed work was separated into four modules liable  for four operations namely disease prediction, fertilizer  prediction, crop recommendation, and future price  prediction for crops . LSTM was found to be a more appropriate model for forewarning the prices . The entire system can be translated to any language making it user-friendly .  The website is built using HTML, CSS, and JS . K Nearest Neighbor (KNN) algorithm was used to  give the best crop corresponding to the weather conditions . Crop recommendation module deals with data concerning  weather conditions like average rainfall .  The recommendation model was trained using various classifier which has been depicted in table 1 . Among which Random Forest was chosen for the best accuracy of 99. 3% . The system can be combined  with drone technology to perform pesticide spraying only at the target plant .  P.  Bansal, Rahul Kumar, and Somesh Kumar,(2021), "Disease  Detection in Apple Leaves Using Deep Convolutional Neural Network", ABV-Indian Institute of Information Technology & Management  Gwalior, India . ”Prediction of Land Suitability for Crop Cultivation based on Soil and Environmental Characteristics Using Modified Recursive Feature  Elimination Technique With Various Classifiers,” in IEEE Transactions on Computational Social Systems, vol.  8, no. 5, 2021 .